# class-reflection

I think this class is a great mediate level introduction to P5.js and creating coding in general. It helps me to explore what I can do with coding, algorithm design, interactive design and aesthetic design though I only have very little experience with javascript and coding in general. And that is why I like this class the most in this semester. This class is very beginner-friendly and interesting to students from the humanity field. 

The most exciting part of this class is the combination between conceptual aspect and coding design. I really like discussing on what has inspired me to create my script and how my concept is reflected in my codes. I also very much enjoyed reflecting on other artists’ works and learn about what drive them to create their works. This really helps me think about the conceptual element of my design and how I could achieve/express my concept in my codes. 

The parts that I feel confused in this class is how to intergrade different libraries in my script. I have tried to intergrade D3.js in my project but failed to do so as I am still confused about some basic concepts in html. I think I would be nice to delve into html/css more. And it would be nice to have more workshops and Q&A sections. Given the class time limitation, it would be nice to have more Q&A hours. 

The thing that I have struggled most is definitely the coding and engineering part. It’s exciting for me to come up with a wonderful concept or a story that I want to tell in my script. But in many cases, there seems to be a great gap between what I want to achieve and what I can achieve. This happens often time when I design something that requires interaction/animation. But overall I am really satisfied with this class. I think what could make this class better is to let everyone of us write down our expectations on this class(what we want to learn/what we want to achieve in our final project) at the very first class. I think this could help us know what we need to focus on and what we can do other than listening to the lectures, such as doing extra reading or looking for tutorials on specific subjects.
